OK, so now we have our settings screen, which means we are able to save the settings in this unit,
I should say, into our database.
Now we need to retrieve that so that we can change the structure of our app, meaning if we go back
to our main.
It has worked, let's fix that real quick.
OK, we are.
Go to our settings screen.
Yes, that's where we are.
And we have a toggle.
OK, here we have the Lambda Navigator.
Oh, nav controller, let's just pop.
Next, act like this.
All right.
So.
OK, let's go ahead and go back and we'll go back to Maine of great.
So I would want to be able to do is that in our main screen here, this is where things need to change
because remember?
Let's go back to main screen.
This is where we are setting everything up.
Remember, we have the CD and everything in our main screen that we are passing along so that we know
exactly so that this so that so that we get the information from that CD so that we get the information
from that CD, the the data, the forecast for that CD.
So this is also where we are going to create something else, right?
So this is also we're going to set up this structure for our Farenheit.
This is where we also are going to create this structure to set up our.
Our.
Our unit of measurement for our.
This is where we need to set up, this is where we also are going to set up a few things.
This is where we're going to set up our unit of measurement.
Now there are other things that need to do here.
First of all, let's let's start with the.
OK, so what I'm going to do is let's create another vowel here.
I'm going to say unit from DB such as, I'm going to say settings now.
I don't have our settings view model.
Well, how do I do that?
I just created, I say, Settings, the model sequel to hilt the model.
Such easy say that I'm going to say settings.
Use that view model and get you a list collect state.
As they can get the value.
OK.
And I'm going to create a variable here called unit to make this a state also.
I remember.
And here, let's a notable state of.
She has Imperial to start with
like this.
And then what I'm going to do, I'm going to create another VAR call is imperial, which is going to
be a volume sweep.
I remember
immutable state of, say, false in the beginning.
All right, we'll see all of that in action.
So that means then I'm going to put everything inside of an if statement here.
So what I'm going to do and say, if I'm going to check if your unit from DB is not normal or empty,
that's why I have this exclamation point there.
If that's the case, then I'm actually going to get all of this.
Inside of this if statement, OK?
So if that's the case, if it's not null or empty, then I'm going to set our unit.
Stringer, remember, this unit is this variable here, which you say remember, which is a state quite
variable.
I'm going to set that to what's.
Go back.
I'm going to set that whole unit from database and get because I know there's only one item in our list
that we get from their base, right?
So I can't actually do this.
I can say the first item which is going to be that object to the object and I'm going to get the unit.
And then if you remember correctly, the way we are saving these units, it's a little bit strange,
but it's OK.
It saves it at this.
So imperial Ben Affleck that so we want to get rid of all of these noise for say so we just get the
imperial.
OK, you've seen this many times.
Me do this many times now.
It should be very familiar.
Let's see.
Where am I?
There you go.
And so now I'm going to actually split right that unit and split by where we have a space, right?
An empty string.
You know what I'm saying here and when split by here in the middle?
OK.
And then get to the first part of the list.
Get just imperial in what I want to do also, I want to make this a lowercase everything lowercase.
And it's easier to say that lower case like that.
And then in this case, is imperial bullying, he's going to be equal to whatever the unit is, if it's
that imperial, right?
So if the unit is imperial that we're getting here, then that means imperial is going to be true.
OK, so now that we have this unit, we need to pass it somewhere.
Right, because remember, the unit is actually passed along the call by the YAL so that we can pass
units, say imperio or metric.
All we're doing all of this here because this is where everything is driven, meaning this is where
everything happens.
This is where they get weather data is called.
We're passing the city.
In this case, we're also going to pass units here, which will set up in a second.
I'm going to pass my unit.
OK.
OK, let's go ahead and.
First of all, add a comma there and we need to pass, create parameter.
You know, get whether we have that units.
It means they'll either get weather here, I'm also going to pass units, it's going to be our.
It's like that.
So let's go ahead and create a parameter to say, OK.
Now, if I go to this weather.
Notice that we have that units.
Which we need to pass along as well after query units and passy units fun.
And in our get weather, you notice that we do have already the units there, which we have imperial
for its default.
Right, so we had to trickle down to the main source of truth here to pass that unit's parameter.
Which already is there for their last one, at least.
So now or get weather is complete because it will have the API, key API, ID and the units as well.
OK.
Let's see if this works because we did a lot of work and we don't know if this is going to work.
But while I'm here as well, let's go back to our main screen.
Get rid of these.
Since we hear looks like it's see.
We'll use this imperial in a bit, but I'm going to for our city.
I'm also going to add a new variable here called Coeur City, so so we have a default.
So this is going to be a string and I'm going to put an if statement here, if city that we're getting
here, right?
Passing along is blank like this.
Then I'm just going to say Seattle else, which is going to say, let's get the city that we're getting,
OK, this is just going to complete everything so we don't run into issues.
So now I'm going to use that current city.
Directly, instead of getting trusting that this is not normal, which shouldn't be because we set it
up, set everything up, but we always want to make sure that we have that net.
So I pass this current city like this now.
All right, let's go ahead and give it a run to see.
All right.
If you go to app inspection, we should see Settings is imperial, that's why we still see 67 63 Fahrenheit.
Now if I go back here to settings and changes to Celsius, let's go back and see.
And voila!
You see now everything changed.
Still, San Diego right now is in Celsius.
That's good.
If I go back and change to their height, save go back, goes ahead and change back to Fahrenheit.
All right.
It's working, but it's not complete yet, because if you look closely, we see that some units are
still not working perfectly, meaning if I go to settings.
And I want to go back to Celsius.
Why Celsius, everything in Celsius?
Great, but he notes here it says 74 miles per hour.
Right.
This should be meters per second because now we're in Celsius.
So that's a small thing we can change.
And that's why we have this is imperial.
This is imperial is going to be passed along in our main scaffold.
I'm going to do it right now.
That way, we can then retrieve that boolean and change whatever we need to change here.
All right.
So what is imperial?
Is Imperial like this?
Of course, we'll have to create a parameter to say, OK, refactor.
And now if we go to our main scaffold.
So you go to a main scaffold, you notice that we have is imperial, what we're going to do actually
is going to pass that along in our main content because this is where we have.
We'll show you everything else, so just passing it down is imperial, create that parameter factor,
that's good and it's passed down.
OK, now is imperial, when are we going to use that?
Well, first we're going to use in this.
Immediately.
We're going to use the inside of this row here, which is scroll down humidity, wind pressure row.
So again, going to do the same thing is imperial capacitor along
and we need to just create that parameter.
That's OK.
OK, I know going down the stream in Orla.
So now if it's imperial, we're going to go down to this taxi, which is wind.
I think that's all in place.
We need to change.
Pressure icon wind.
So in our text here, instead of miles per hour, I'm going to change a few things.
Actually, let's see.
Humidity is miles per hour.
This shouldn't be.
That's not right, it should be wind.
That's why I'm getting it the wrong thing here.
Let's see whether that.
Speed.
That's what I need.
There we go.
So I was getting the wrong.
That's why you see seven, four and seven four.
All right.
That should be the correct property.
So here what I'm going to do is I'm going to put an if statement.
So let's see.
Let's just get out of here and say,
plus, if it is imperial is true, then it's going to be miles per hour.
Else we're just going to see meters per second like this.
All of that work just change.
One thing are developing, but it's OK.
It's worth it.
Let's go ahead and run.
All right.
And you can see because our settings is in Celsius, right metric.
You can see now so three point nineteen meters per second or get if I go back and change to Fahrenheit
save, we're going to go.
Hopefully, see that is seven point fourteen miles per hour.
And of course, we can always format this.
I think I call this decimal formatting.
I see format decimals.
This, I believe, just wrapped that around and let's just run again.
OK, now works seven miles per hour.
It's in Fahrenheit change to.
Celsius, I say that.
Safe.
OK.
It's working three miles per second, and it's working perfectly.
I can't go to Moscow.
It's safe.
There's there is Moscow safe to our settings.
I can go to our settings while I can.
I want to change anything, but let's go to our favorites.
Well, it's minus five Celsius.
That's very cold.
And let's see.
This search.
15°C.
Can change settings to Fahrenheit if I want to.
And still works fine.
Well, it looks like we are finished with our project.
I know it's been quite a journey.
It's a long journey that we went through.
But I hope it was helpful.
I hope you were able to learn a lot.
There was a lot of things that we went through and I don't expect you obviously to know everything in
one take.
That's why we have this video lectures because you can go back and work on things that you're not quite
sure how they work and you can always ask questions.
You can improve upon this.
There are a lot of topics that we've touched on, and I hope that was helpful.